welcome to rabbit Tokyo he was thirsty
because he was getting in his little hey
bag right there he's a little hole in
there
Oh dirty stinky everyone once one and
has treat jar scaling it well there's no
slinky and there's no slinky in a tree
ball yummy only help hey brick school or
one right there one right there jar
there's one back there somewhere there's
one in the bag just wanted to open I'll
thing there's one there's a lot of all
kinds of little Heidi places over there
there's hay in that bin reader you can
hold a lot of hay shredded paper medical
supplies and stuff there's Dexter's food
dish it is of course empty because it's
doctors and there's tax raise chillaxin
he's like I love to relax in my litter
pan and there's an oatmeal tin fur it's
not really attendance or tunnel for
Dexter with his hay in it Chris made
this cage out of an old shelving unit
and an old ferret cage and that's just
rabbit fencing around the outside and we
built a little box to the step here they
can go from there there there there
sometimes that would get to really
chewed up but when it gets so chewed up
but they can't use it as a ramp anymore
crystal just replace it if they want to
come out and play which he doesn't just
chill accident
they just jump right in there and when
we want to have the outside time this
flips down and he comes out and he
bothers us what we're doing chores and
put these rubs on the top to keep him
from flipping the doors up and it also
gives him shade because the light comes
right in that window that plastic right
there is a recycled drop ceiling light
cover we just drilled holes in it it
works a lot better than the wire stuff
in the plastic and it's recycled so yay
this part right here you want to come in
here so we don't have to walk over it
it just opens up and then they can come
out and play but when we're not here you
have to close it and now they're safe
well now the electronics are safe by
everybody